

Static keyword – In the Java programming language, the keyword static means that the particular member belongs to a
                type itself, rather than to an instance of that type. This means we'll create only one instance of
                that static member that is shared across all instances of the class.

Every Java programmer knows that if we need to define some behavior (method) or state (field) that will be common to
all objects, we define it as static. Because static content (behavior or state) does not belong to any particular
instance or object, it will be common to all objects and all objects are free to change any static field —
and every change will be visible to every object.


     1.	Be common to all objects of the class.
     2.	Belong to the class and accessible by class name.
     3.	Not need an object of class to access them.



static variable -
•	The static variable can be used to refer to the common property of all objects
    (which is not unique for each object), for example, the company name of employees,
     college name of students, etc.
•	The static variable gets memory only once in the class area at the time of class loading.




Static Method( ) : -
In java, a static method is a method that is part of class rather than an instance of a class (object of a class) .
•	Every instance of a class has access to the method.
•	Static methods have access to class variables (static variables) without using the class’s object (instance).
•	Only static data may be accessed by a static method. It is unable to access data that is not static (instance variables).
•	In both static and non-static methods, static methods can be accessed directly.
•   Without creating an object of class we can access static method via className
*   vstatic method will be inherited but can't be overridden.

      ex.   class Student {
              int Roll_No;
              String name;

              public static void fun()
                 {

                    SOP("Inside static method");

                 }
                 }


                 class Instructor {

                    PSVM(String args[]){

                    Student.fun();  // for calling static method no need to create object
                    }
                    }


Syntax for call static method : -
     Classname.static_Method;
Static Class :–
We can’t declare outer (top level) class as static because the static keyword is meant for providing memory and executing logic without creating objects, a class does not have a value logic directly, so the static keyword is not allowed to outer class.
Syntax :-

Class class_name {
      Static class class_name{
}
}

