Define - Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language designed for
         having lesser implementation dependencies. It is a computing platform for application development.

         Java is fast, secure, and reliable, therefore. It is widely used for developing Java applications
         in laptops, data centers, game consoles, scientific supercomputers, cell phones, etc.

         " james Gosling is known as the father of Java. "


  Note : Java used both compiler and Interpreter.
         compiler :- compile convert the source code in one go into Byte code.
         Interpreter :- Interpreter convert the byte code into Machine code(binary code) line by line


         JVM :- java virtual machine, it is platform dependent but java is platform independent,
         JDK :- java development kit.


  Java Variables

         A variable is a container which holds the value while the Java program is executed.
         A variable is assigned with a data type.

         Variable is a name of memory location. There are three types of variables in java:
          local, instance and static.

          A variable is a name given to a memory location.
          It is the basic unit of storage in a program.


  Data Types :

    What type of value will be stored in variable is define by data type.

    ex - int, float, double, char...etc


    Java has two categories in which data types are segregated

    1) Primitive Data Type: such as boolean, char, int, short, byte, long, float, and double
    2) Non-Primitive Data Type or Object Data type: such as String, Array, etc.


    Size of byte: 1 bytes.
    Size of short: 2 bytes.
    Size of int: 4 bytes.
    Size of long: 8 bytes.
    Size of char: 2 bytes.
    Size of float: 4 bytes.
    Size of double: 8 bytes.




    Variable Types


    - Local Variable – whenever you create a variable inside a method is known as Local variable.
                      ## we can't able to call these variable by object

      Function()
       {
         int a;
         String name;
         float num;

       }


    - Instance variable – variable inside the class but outside the method is called instance variable.
                        ##  we can able to call these variable by object

                 Class student {

    		Int rollNo;
     		String name;        // these are instance var
    		float marks;

         }


    - Reference var – Define the object is called reference var.

             Student stud1 = new Student();  // stud1 is reference var
